hey guys Aron Cybertron's ain't here and
i'm back with another video for you guys
unfortunately rated battle spot is down
for tonight so i won't be able to
provide a live commentary video so this
is just one of the one of the battles i
had a long time ago that i had saved up
and it's a really really fun battle it's
against jacob i think it was in a nugget
bridge live tournament and it was really
really close as you see here my team is
going to be Kangaskhan road and wash
Garchomp and calm flame Jacobs team is
going to be Rotom heat diggersby
Garchomp and charizard so let's get
right into it one of the unfortunate
things about the saving battles is you
don't get to see T preview um but I'll
do the best job I can in describing the
battle but yeah it was a really really
fun battle you see I'm gonna go with
kangaskhan and Rodan wash and my
opponent Jacobs gonna go with Garchomp
and charizard um and I have a pretty
good lead matchup here especially with
fake out pressure so I'm going to mega
evolve here and I know that Charles arts
most likely going to protect because it
doesn't want to get faked out and
thunder molded but I want for the save
play knowing light on I could get a free
willow wisp off here you Charizard does
protect but I didn't want to get ko'd by
anything like overheat so I did just go
for the fake out into Charizard because
I no Garchomp can't really do anything
to either kangaskhan or road and wash
dragon cloud doesn't do too much and
Rotom does hit its willow is so at this
point I'm really hoping that it's not
long berry and as you see here it's not
lon beery so that's huge getting a
Garchomp burn is always really really
good now this next turn I kind of Miss
play a bit Charizard mega evolving and I
kind of assumed my opponent actually
double target the rodent because it's
the bigger threat um ain't go for a
dragon phone solar beam which is why i
propped into staying with Kangaskhan and
you know not switch out so i just went
for the return on Charizard but and the
protect on Rome and this is a kind of a
mishap on my part because if I just
attack with both I would at least ensure
to get him one attack off but guard
shops gonna go for the rock side here
doing a minimal amount of damage but as
you see a charge that actually goes for
he wave instead of solar beam so I was
really well played about my opponent
it's actually gonna just pick up the
Kangas gone kalyan kangaskhan and i
didn't even get to go out with a sucker
punch so that was a really poor turn on
my part and my opponent basically got to
pick up a free KO there and i lost my
mega evolution but here i bring out my
Garchomp knowing that its speed ties
with his car shopping can rock slide and
I don't expect the charizard to stay in
or I expect it to protect here so I just
went for the Dragon Claw unfortunately
that pays off he was like a jolly nature
too so I want to speak tied there but
considering he was at minus 2n normal
jolly guard Xiang can't even KO opposing
garchomps I was ok with that you see let
it the Garchomp actually carried rocky
helmet so I was glad I didn't go for the
fake out on it without the first time
with Kangaskhan as I'd under boat until
a Charizard to protect so now it's 33
and I've kind of gotten some momentum
back but of course I still need a KO
that Charizard which actually switches
out here the digger speed comes in and
almost are big dangers we have seen in
VGC our choice scarf so I go for the
safe protector on Garchomp knowing
diggersby can't do very much to Rotom
wash and expecting that Charizard to
switch out so that plays out perfectly
and I go for the willow was pure and
fortunately enough it hits so that's
really really big because I burned the
only pokemon that outspeed scar chomp at
this point so now I can outspeed his
rodent key and charms I which I have a
great matchup with with rock slide later
speak for the following team just go for
another return on Garchomp and even with
a burnt it still does a very good amount
of course I'm just going to go for the
rockslide here knowing that it's super
effective against the road impeach which
is a really big threat right now because
talonflame is my last pokemon riddim he
is going to take around sixty percent
but he'll back to a good amount with
that Sitrus berry and wrote in peace
Rotom Pete is actually can go for the
overheat here which is boosted by the
Sun so that's actually gonna pick up the
KO on to Garchomp which is huge on my
opponents part of course it's gonna lose
minus two special attack but the
trade-off was definitely worth it
because Garchomp was like direct counter
to his Charizard y so it's a great
attack by his part my rotor wash is
gonna go for the hydro pump but because
it's in the Sun it basically negates the
super effective damage and I won't be
able to pick up the ko however that's
perfectly fine knowing that my last
pokemon is a talonflame which does get
priority brave bird I also know that
since diggersby has revealed itself to
be choice carved I'm not worried about
anything like a rock son and I know I
can take a return with both of my
Pokemon from it so I just go for the
braver and alton road I'm heat because
obviously that's a bigger threat against
both my pokemon and I do pick up the KO
here taking very minimal damage but I am
gonna pick up some life orb damage here
fortunately enough to still take a
return from that diggersby as you see
here i am going to survive with the
healthy amount where to wash its gonna
hit it throwed a hydro pump so pretty
fortunate there even with the Sun gonna
pick up the KO on two Baker's be so now
i have a 2-1 leaf and of course my
opponents last pokemon is Charizard y @
fo HP which can easily
take a brave bird from my talonflame so
I'm kind of you know at this point it's
obvious that my opponent needs to go for
the soul of green Walter Rotom watch
because no matter what i do with palin
flame is gonna kill itself from recoil
one of the bad reasons one of the
reasons why talonflame isn't as popular
we're not good people don't like it as
much as because it does so much damage
to itself and you see here I barely miss
Hilda KO in charge that has very very
little HP left then I I know the game is
won at this point though because my
Rotom wash as you guys probably know
from all my team building videos is
bulky enough to survive a solar beam so
as you see here it's going to take it
like a champ hang on with 17 HP he'll be
back with that Sitrus berry and this is
why I wrote and wash is so awesome it
can take so many attacks even a super
effective solar beam from Charizard and
it is gonna finish this game up with us
on the boat on sledge Charizard so I'm
gonna take the game 10 very close battle
I thought I was really fighting you know
it's uphill battle right after I lost at
kangaskhan on the second term but
fortunately I was able to come back and
that was a really fun game you know I
opponent had bigger speed which is a
pokemon like you don't see very often in
VGC but there's actually one player I
think his is you all my user name is
Ling Kyoshi Mario and he managed to top
coat three regionals with it so bigger
space very very viable and wrote him he
um no I don't think as common as Rotom
wash because Rotom washes has overall
better a bulk in terms of typing but
Rotom keats really really good and can
completely shut down teams two and the
fact i was able to pick up the Garchomp
the KO lekar Trump was pretty cool
especially with the Sun boosted overheat
anyway that's it for today's battle guys
and I'll see you next time peace